YouTube people that they can do the
homework on you so when they meet you in
person
they can have the assessment already
made up if you're a [ __ ] person or
you're a crazy person
when people look back on this brief
chapter in the history of the vegan
movement it will not be difficult for
them to understand the baser motives
involved it will not be difficult for
them to understand some of the abelian
silliness involved what's difficult to
understand even now in reflecting on the
last five years was that those baser
motives were at every moment at every
stage tied to such absurd levels of
high-handed haughty self-righteousness
it's not difficult to understand why
someone like vegan Ava would quit her
job sell her furniture and move to
northern Thailand all kinds of people do
it without being a member of a cult
without being a member of a political
social ecological movement like veganism
all kinds of people decide to quit their
jobs and move to Thailand and go on
vacation or retire or belong as I like
to say permanent vacation that's what
she decided you it's not surprising in
and of itself that she would through the
influence of not just social media but
say reality television and the other
kind of crass cultural products she's
was that she would get it into her head
that she create a silly YouTube channel
and start asking for donations and I
don't know just feature her own reckless
stupid behavior in revealing clothes and
think that this would pay her rent pay
her bills these things are not
surprising regarded in isolation
indeed they seem to be endemic to 21st
century culture what's bizarre in this
case is that they were linked to this
sense of ethical self righteousness and
gravitas and that really is what makes
so many of my fellow vegans laughable
laughable even to me even within the
vegan movement and we can and should
laugh at them we can ensure
criticise them we can and should
excoriate them and we can and should as
I did in my letters that I wrote
directly to Ava we can and should try to
guide them back onto a more productive
path within veganism and for the future
than now also now the solid people
people can put on the character on
YouTube your way you can pretend you're
really a nice person but in real life
you're a real [ __ ] [ __ ]
and the same with May up generally
pretend I'm an [ __ ] on camera but you
do a lot a bit more legit Eva I've
always been willing to talk and I needed
it I wrote you again and again as
there's a fight if you wanted to we can
do a Skype call and not even mention
durianrider on some level you also are a
person who wanted to promote veganism
and save the planet
you said unforgivable things against me
but I keep offering and a lot of people
also say that you by saying that he's a
PETA file and stuff like that they would
damaged his reputation but to me it
seems like what kind of reputation like
she replies what you want to talk about
I start to reply here it's your choice
and I think there were a few different
options for you to consider
strategically she writes back already
I don't think we have anything in common
one we could have a totally positive
conversation just about vegan activism
wanting to save the planet etc with
minimal reference to your past negative
experience during writer or none at all
and it feels pretty amazing to me that
everyone in the vegan movement just
forgot so quickly was everything you and
really like has done for the vegan like
they forgot like so quickly and just
well after one mistake anyone can do one
mistake yeah - we could have a positive
conversation that deals with your
changing understanding of veganism ie
letting on what you believe before you
became a dairy writer follower and what
you believe now look Ava I appreciate
that you deleted your old videos the
total lies about me you are now aware
that I always told you the truth about
the core case about my sex life about
everything and you are aware that during
Ryder lied to you about everything you
can say we don't have anything in common
well we're both passionate about the
future of the vegan movement we have
that in common positively and negatively
we have past experience but
writer etc for more than two years you
have learned you have grown through your
experience with that side of veganism
you figured out eventually the during
writer was lying to you and that I was
telling the truth that is indeed
something we haven't covered I have a
dotted line here at the top just showing
that there was a pause a little bit of
time passed and she hadn't replied and
this is a bit of a change of a change of
topic
IVA I've said all these things
positively cooperatively again and again
for years I was always willing to show
you legal documents or other proof when
you were being unreasonable but you were
never willing to listen you have never
apologized to me I know you deleted
those videos but the truth is you really
do owe me an apology
you said unforgivable things about me
but my daughter but my status as a
parent about my sex life etc etc you are
now aware that during Ryder lied to you
so many times and in so many ways have
you never thought about sending me an
apology
not even one sentence so here comes that
apology I'm sorry for what I said when I
was brainwashed and manipulated by him
he tricked all his followers well here I
have being magnanimous about it I can
sympathize I know what it's like to be
lied to
I know what it's like to be manipulated
life is long I hope we can both be doing
more positive things in the next five
years I'll be in Paris France less than
one month now if you want excuse to
visit Paris we can meet in real life
otherwise I say again fundamentally we
both want to save the planet
we both want to do something positive
for the future of the vegan movement
there was a time when I joked that of
all the people who lined up to condemn
me and to defend during Ryder's
indefensible version of events home that
not a single one of them had ever
apologized to me well as the years have
gone past
now a few have apologized to me and in
many cases it was indeed in the context
of my writing with them and more or less
demanding
vegan Ava was one of the most passionate
adherents of the durianrider cult I did
like to imagine I'd like to imagine that
she was motivated by wanting to save the
planet
wanted to make the world a better place
wanting to advance the vegan cause but
if we were to ask ourselves critically
why did this woman believe so
passionately in Tyrian writers message
when there was nothing convincing about
the messenger and nothing really
positive of the message why did this
woman quit her job pack up all her
belongings and move to Shanghai Thailand
we all have to admit that there is a
careerist element to it there is a sense
in which she was motivated by money
she believes many of during writers
promises and she now regrets that saying
machine she regrets she felt she feels
that she was brainwashed and what have
you and she now feels that she's escaped
from this cult or whatever this
cult-like set of beliefs she was never a
member of an actual cult that actually
existed anywhere but anyway a youtube
cult in the digital era you know more
and more of these things neither exists
in bricks and mortar nor exists on paper
they only exist on the internet and in
the imaginations of their followers but
she was a passionate follower and she
definitely believed that if she followed
during writers instructions the money
would come pouring in that she would be
able to go on vacation in Thailand
permanently what I like to call the
permanent vacation the people would
support her on patreon that she would
have enough success on YouTube etc that
this would become her full-time job and
yes a little fragment of that dream was
that she'd be promoting and supporting
veganism as a movement but I think it
would be insincere if we pretended that
this was someone who was first and
foremost a vegan activist and only
secondarily or tertiary a Fame [ __ ]
because that is what during writers Emma
was durianrider was a Fame [ __ ] himself
and he went off trying to recruit other
people to become Fame [ __ ] and people
like vegan Ava signed up for it thinking
about guys oh you know I'm not gonna try
to recount the whole thing I still have
a couple videos Responder there's one
where the title is just lies lies lies
all caps lies lies lies respondent vegan
IVA kept telling lies about me she told
lies about my private sex life about my
divorce about my relationship with my
daughter but my status as a parent about
my career
she told lies claiming that I was a scam
artist that I was running a fraud I mean
really really horrible stuff in terms of
my employability in terms of my moral
and ethical character she claimed that
my court case was fake there was all
this paperwork to show that it wasn't
fake she made all these ridiculous and
possible support claims and part of my
response was look if you just talk to me
I can show you the evidence I can tell
you the truth the situation is not hard
to figure out and the facts are not hard
to verify but people like her were not
addressed in the facts they were
arrested insane they were interested in
money they were interested in trying to
court the attention flattery and support
of someone like durianrider which got
her nowhere didn't build up a great
career for on YouTube but but I'd also
say you know there's this fundamental
thing where they thought it was in their
interest to be unreasonable it's that's
a really underrated virtue you know
being reasonable and the little little
bit of fame they got the little
potential taste of internet started they
got they thought the road to fame and
stardom and success was taking small
conflicts and turning them into huge
conflicts by being trenchant
and unreasonable and it's a sad thing
the baser motives of these people are in
no way surprising what did vegan evil
want out of this scenario why did she
move to Thailand in the first place why
did she become a durianrider imitator
ordering right her clone in the first
place
fame money power respect physical beauty
and vitality you know sex so sure sex
was part of it too I know Avis
specifically on an antenatal is kick
butt you know she went there to at least
get a new boyfriend
and to use her sex appeal such as it may
be on YouTube to get a lot of attention
you can scroll through her videos see
the kind of videos you made under that
having
those those motives are are very easy to
understand we know what makes all of
this darker and more dangerous and more
ugly by far is the element of
religiosity the self-righteousness that
ran bone-deep with these people it's not
just the case that vegan Ava believed
durian writers lies she made up her own
it's beautifully I know about situations
where I mean she was talking to Julia
board she was talking to other people
she was in touch with Joe best and Julia
board all these people who knew the
truth situation and who told her the
truth but she didn't want to see it what
she clung to was her own sense of
self-righteousness and that's I mean you
know that's way more dangerous I mean
that's that's that witch-hunt mentality
and I think for years she really felt
she was on a witch-hunt against me she
felt she was on a self-righteous moral
crusade to expose me as a quote/unquote
scam artist that was what her videos
claimed to expose me as a deadbeat
parents and all these terrible things
she made this up in her mind and what
we're left with is the ridiculous
contrast between these peoples you know
unbelievable
over-the-top sense of their own moral
purpose in life and the deeply immoral
reality of the role they played in this
short lived sheen full cult that existed
within veganism and that dragged the
name of this movement through the mud
YouTube people will it they can do the
home lock on you so when they meet you
in person
they can have the assessment already
made up if you're a legit person or
you're a crazy person